Design the following Application:

Summary: In this full-stack application users will be able to view quotes, create quotes, and talk with an ai agent to get quote suggestions. In the background the app will use ai to moderate ai content and to create new quotes to post to the platform.

Tech-stack: This app relies on Cloudflare technology and should use the latest information. There is a lot of outdated information so please use the latest information by searching the web if needed and use relevant cloudflare information which is attached in the 'cloudflare_prompts' directory. Make use of pages. This app must include the following technologies: LLM (recommend using Llama 3.3 on Workers AI), or an external LLM of your choice, Workflow / coordination (recommend using Workflows, Workers or Durable Objects), User input via chat or voice (use pages!), Memory or state 

Organization: This app will likely require multiple front-end views and multiple files for the back-end in order to be able to properly organize everything in a neat manner.

Features:

- Home page:
  - Displays a grid of quotes. By default the latest created quotes will show.
  - Each quote will of course contain text and will also display the author of the quote if available 
    - (sometimes there may be no author and so no text for the author will appear, this will be true of any ai-generated quotes)
  - Each quote can be upvoted or downvoted, and this updates in realtime.
  - Each quote will be assigned at minimum one tag but can have multiple tags (max 3). The tags are listed in TAGS.txt. They will be displayed on the quote card and will have a background color (or text color, up to you) corresponding to what is listed in TAGS.txt
  - User will be able to search on the home page by *describing* the type of quote they are looking for.
    - Upon searching for something the grid of quotes will update to those that match what the user has written
    - This search will be based on the stored vectors, and it will perform a similarity search. It should display any quote above a certain confidence/likliness, probably around 0.3, and it should sort them by how closely related they are.
  - A user can go to a new page to create a new quote 
  - You can click on a quote which will bring you to a new page that showcases that quote

- Quote Creation:
  - Users can create quotes. They must input the quote (without "") and must assign it at least one tag. They may optionally specify an author. Then they click submit and the quote should be created, and the user given a confimation.
  - A moderation step will be performed when the user submits a request to create and if the quote is moderated the user should be informed
  - When a quote is created an ai agent will generate a 1-3 sentence summary of the meaning and significance of the quote. It will then append the actual quote plus this summary and store those combined as a single quote vectorized database to allow for similarity searches for other usecases explained earlier/later.

- Quote viewing:
  - Users can click on a quote in the home page to view a detail screen of it
  - The detail screen will display the quote, the author (if there is one) and the tags and these will all be displayed in a bigger size/font than on the home screen.
  - Additionally the upvote / downvote buttons and the current (upvotes minus downvotes) value will display.
  - Similar quotes in a grid format will show underneath the main quote information. 
   - There will be some minor header text saying "similar quotes" 
   - They will display similarly to as they do in Home and they will be clickable.

- Initial quote list
  - There will be an initial list of quotes, which can be found in INITIAL.txt, look at that file to see the formatting. These quotes should be added with no authors. Figure out a way to efficiently initilize the database with these quotes. When doing so, also give it a random upvote/downvote rating, ranging from -10 to +10 for the sake of data vizualization
  - Additionally, a list of all of the tags along with the desired color can be found in TAGS.txt

- Automatic Quote Generation
  - Every day a new original quote will be generated by an ai agent. The ai agent will get the top 10 most upvoted quotes alongside their tags and short ai summary and use them as inspiration to generate a new quote alongside tags. The ai agent will then categorize this new quote with tags and add it using the normal api (and the normal api should then call the summarize function and store it vectorized as described earlier). The ai will then 2 days later check to see if the quote has a net of +2 upvotes or more. If so then the quote stays, otherwise the ai will delete the quote.
  - Make the above time periods easily modifiable through a config. There should be 2 modes, DEBUG and PRODUCTION. In debug, the AI will begin checking much more frequently, say it will try to create a quote every minute, and it will evaluate the quote every 10 minutes.

- IMPORTANT NOTES:
  - The following notes must be utilized 

- IMPORTANT NOTES:
  - You must look at the folder called 'reference-repos' and used it as an incredibly strong source. Keep in mind that some of the code there is outdated and that apis have changed since.
  - This app takes heavy inspiration from the 'punderful' directory in 'reference-repos'. The application is nearly identical in purpose with only some minor changes and the addition of the AI chatbot. Please use that app as a heavy reference. 
  - For a reference to how the chatbot should function look at 'chatwithdb' and instead of using the type of databse they use, use a D1 database from cloudflare. 